README.md, before:

# advent_of_code

Welcome to the Advent of Code[^aoc] Kotlin project created by [clausr][github] using the [Advent of Code Kotlin Template][template] delivered by JetBrains.

In this repository, clausr is about to provide solutions for the puzzles using [Kotlin][kotlin] language.

If you're stuck with Kotlin-specific questions or anything related to this template, check out the following resources:

- [Kotlin docs][docs]
- [Kotlin Slack][slack]
- Template [issue tracker][issues]


[^aoc]:
    [Advent of Code][aoc] – An annual event of Christmas-oriented programming challenges started December 2015.
    Every year since then, beginning on the first day of December, a programming puzzle is published every day for twenty-five days.
    You can solve the puzzle and provide an answer using the language of your choice.

[aoc]: https://adventofcode.com
[docs]: https://kotlinlang.org/docs/home.html
[github]: https://github.com/clausr
[issues]: https://github.com/kotlin-hands-on/advent-of-code-kotlin-template/issues
[kotlin]: https://kotlinlang.org
[slack]: https://surveys.jetbrains.com/s3/kotlin-slack-sign-up
[template]: https://github.com/kotlin-hands-on/advent-of-code-kotlin-template

Commit message:

Updated the Main functions to create folders instead of throwing exceptions

README.md, after:

# Session cookie
Since we shouldn't commit the inputs to Github, it's easy to pull your own input by using the Main function;
Create the file `src/main/resources/session_cookie.txt` with your session cookie from one of the inputs on AOC. 

Use the Main function to get the right year/day.

# advent_of_code

Welcome to the Advent of Code[^aoc] Kotlin project created by [clausr][github] using the [Advent of Code Kotlin Template][template] delivered by JetBrains.

In this repository, clausr is about to provide solutions for the puzzles using [Kotlin][kotlin] language.

If you're stuck with Kotlin-specific questions or anything related to this template, check out the following resources:

- [Kotlin docs][docs]
- [Kotlin Slack][slack]
- Template [issue tracker][issues]


[^aoc]:
    [Advent of Code][aoc] – An annual event of Christmas-oriented programming challenges started December 2015.
    Every year since then, beginning on the first day of December, a programming puzzle is published every day for twenty-five days.
    You can solve the puzzle and provide an answer using the language of your choice.

[aoc]: https://adventofcode.com
[docs]: https://kotlinlang.org/docs/home.html
[github]: https://github.com/clausr
[issues]: https://github.com/kotlin-hands-on/advent-of-code-kotlin-template/issues
[kotlin]: https://kotlinlang.org
[slack]: https://surveys.jetbrains.com/s3/kotlin-slack-sign-up
[template]: https://github.com/kotlin-hands-on/advent-of-code-kotlin-template
